Issues/83 (#96)
trulysimple/tsargp: packages/docs/pages/docs/library/validator.mdx

- **Invalid numeric range** -
  In a number-valued option, if the [range] attribute is present, then its minimum value should be
  strictly less than the maximum.
- **Invalid parameter count** -

>   In a function option, if the [paramCount] attribute is present and is a range, then its minimum

Author: ```suggestion
  In a function option, if the [parameter count] attribute is present and is a range, then its minimum
```

[regex]: options#regular-expression
[range]: options#numeric-range
[limit]: options#count-limit

> [paramCount]: options#parameter-count

Author: ```suggestion
```
